what's good people have another offi
review for you this time is some Jordan
ones in the Knicks colorway take it
anything mellows definitely a dope shoe
I like how these came out they gave them
the nike air oh gee treatment so no
Jordan jump bands on these at all
definitely a fan of that qualities on
point seems like it's gonna be a trend
going forward that Nike Air tag on
Jordan shoes means that the quality is
gonna be a little better obviously the
price is gonna go up a little bit
definitely a nice loud bright shoe the
orange really pops on these nike air on
the tongue that's no joke they mean
business with that oh gee treatment that
love there's really nice nice and soft I
haven't seen the Royal ones but I'm
assuming the leather is pretty similar
if not the same comes in that og Nike
box definitely pretty cool 1985 Air
Jordan one pretty cool touch sturdy
check in tomorrow I have another review
coming some more Jordan ones I figured I
could also show you these the CAV fours
next to these ones they both have game
royal blue the CAV fours have what is it
safety orange and the Jordan ones have
team orange so the Cavs are a little bit
brighter but don't worry these will
definitely catch people's eyes because
they're loud for sure
I went true to size on these I probably
could have gone down half a size if I
needed to but all the info I write on
these said that they run pretty big so
that's what I did
I didn't pick them up when they dropped
so I had to use some other resources
went through a pretty cool dude
he goes by tie laces so I'll put his
info in the description here's really
good prices on Jordans and of the Nikes
these are the cool on feet though also
picked up some undefeated stuff this tee
should go well with these shoes and just
some basic shorts undefeated though they
make good
so yeah just showing you these on feet
make sure you subscribe to my channel if
you aren't already I show all my pickups
on feet always give my opinion about the
kicks I never hold back especially about
Jordans stuff check out my last video if
you haven't talked about the quality of
some recent Jordans I grabbed off
Craigslist leave a comment if you like
the shoes thumbs up for sure and be sure
to subscribe peace